docs/dataflow/crm.md, before:

## CRM Data Flow Explanation

This data flow diagram illustrates the interactions between different user roles
(actors) and the core data entities within the Customer Relationship Management
(CRM) domain. The flow is organized by functional areas, such as Marketing,
Sales, Customer Support, and Billing, showing how each actor contributes to the
overall lifecycle of customer data.

### Administrator Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Administrator"
        direction LR
        Admin[Administrator] --> Admin_ManageRoles[Manages Roles & Permissions]
        Admin_ManageRoles --> Roles[(Roles)]
        Admin_ManageRoles --> RoleActions[(Role Actions)]
    end
    class Admin actor;
```

- **Administrator**: This user is responsible for system setup and security.
  They manage user access by creating and defining **Roles** and assigning
  specific permissions (**Role Actions**) to them. This ensures that other users
  can only access the data and functionality relevant to their position.

### Marketing Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Marketing"
        direction LR
        MM[Marketing Manager] --> MM_CreateCampaign[Creates/Manages Campaigns]
        MM_CreateCampaign --> Campaigns[(Campaigns)]
        Campaigns --> MM_Track[Tracks Campaign Performance]
        MM --> MM_Track
        MM_Track --> Leads[(Leads)]
        MM_Track --> Opportunities[(Opportunities)]
    end
    class MM actor;
```

- **Marketing Manager**: This role focuses on lead generation. They create and
  manage marketing **Campaigns**. The performance of these campaigns is tracked
  by monitoring the **Leads** and **Opportunities** they generate, providing
  insight into marketing ROI.

### Sales Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Sales"
        direction TB
        SDR[Sales Dev Rep] --> SDR_CreateLead[Creates Leads]
        SDR_CreateLead --> Leads[(Leads)]
        SDR --> SDR_QualifyLead{Qualifies Lead}
        SDR_QualifyLead -- Yes --> SDR_Convert[Converts Lead]
        SDR_Convert --> Companies[(Companies)]
        SDR_Convert --> Contacts[(Contacts)]
        SDR_Convert --> Opportunities[(Opportunities)]

        SR[Sales Rep] --> SR_ManageContacts[Manages Companies & Contacts]
        SR_ManageContacts --> Companies
        SR_ManageContacts --> Contacts
        SR --> SR_LogInteraction[Logs Interactions]
        SR_LogInteraction --> Interactions[(Interactions)]
        Contacts --> SR_LogInteraction
        Leads -- Assigned --> SR_Notification[Receives Notification]
        SR_Notification --> Notifications[(Notifications)]
        SR --> SR_Notification

        SM[Sales Manager] --> SM_ViewDashboard[Views Sales Pipeline]
        Opportunities -- Updates --> SM_ViewDashboard
        SM --> SM_ManageProducts[Manages Products]
        SM_ManageProducts --> Products[(Products)]
        SM --> SM_GenerateReport[Generates Sales Reports]
        SM_GenerateReport --> Reports[(Reports)]
    end
```

The sales process is divided among several roles:

- **Sales Development Representative (SDR)**: The SDR is at the top of the sales
  funnel. They are responsible for creating new **Leads**. Their primary task is
  to qualify these leads. Once a lead is deemed qualified, the SDR converts it,
  which automatically creates corresponding **Companies**, **Contacts**, and
  **Opportunities** records.
- **Sales Representative (SR)**: The SR manages the ongoing relationships. They
  work with the **Companies** and **Contacts** created from converted leads. A
  key activity for the SR is logging all customer communications
  (**Interactions**). They also receive **Notifications** when new leads are
  assigned to them, enabling prompt follow-up.
- **Sales Manager**: This role has a high-level view of the sales pipeline. They
  monitor the status of **Opportunities** through a dashboard, manage the
  **Products** or services being sold, and generate **Reports** to track team
  performance.

### Customer Support Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Customer Support"
        direction LR
        CSA[Customer Support Agent] --> CSA_ManageCases[Manages Cases]
        CSA_ManageCases --> Cases[(Cases)]
        Cases -- Interaction --> CSA_LogInteraction[Logs Interaction]
        CSA --> CSA_LogInteraction
        CSA_LogInteraction --> Interactions[(Interactions)]
    end
    class CSA actor;
```

- **Customer Support Agent (CSA)**: This user handles post-sales customer
  issues. They create and manage support **Cases**. When interacting with a
  customer regarding a case, they also log these **Interactions**, providing a
  complete history of customer communication that is visible across the sales
  and support teams.

### Billing Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Billing"
        direction LR
        AM[Account Manager] --> AM_GenerateInvoice[Generates Invoices from Won Opportunities]
        Opportunities[(Opportunities)] -- Won --> AM_GenerateInvoice
        AM_GenerateInvoice --> Invoices[(Invoices)]
        AM --> AM_ManageInvoice[Manages Invoices]
        AM_ManageInvoice --> Invoices
        Invoices -- Paid --> AM_MarkPaid[Marks Invoice as Paid]
        AM --> AM_MarkPaid
    end
    class AM actor;
```

- **Account Manager**: This role handles the financial aspects of a closed deal.
  When a sales opportunity is marked as "Won," the Account Manager generates an
  **Invoice** from it. They manage the invoice lifecycle, and once payment is
  received, they mark the invoice as "Paid."

### Data Management / I/O Flow

This flow illustrates how data is imported into and exported from the CRM
system.

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Data Import/Export"
        direction LR
        SM[Sales Manager] -- Uploads --> CSVFile([CSV File])
        CSVFile -- Is Imported Via --> ImportProcess{Import Leads}
        ImportProcess -- Creates/Updates --> Leads[(Leads)]

        SM -- Initiates Export of --> Reports[(Reports)]
        Reports -- Are Exported To --> PDFFile([PDF File])
    end
    class SM actor;
```

- **Data Import**: A **Sales Manager** can perform a bulk import of **Leads** by
  uploading a CSV file. The system processes the file, maps the columns to the
  appropriate fields, and creates new lead records.
- **Data Export**: When viewing a **Report**, a **Sales Manager** has the option
  to export it as a PDF file for offline viewing, printing, or sharing.

### Data and Interactions Summary

The diagram shows a clear progression of data:

1. **Marketing** generates **Leads**.
2. **Sales (SDR)** qualifies and converts **Leads** into **Contacts**,
   **Companies**, and **Opportunities**.
3. **Sales (SR)** nurtures these relationships by logging **Interactions** and
   moving **Opportunities** through the pipeline.
4. **Sales (Manager)** oversees the process, manages the product catalog, and
   analyzes performance. They can also bulk-import **Leads** from CSV files and
   export **Reports** to PDF.
5. **Billing** takes over when an **Opportunity** is won to handle invoicing.
6. **Customer Support** manages any issues that arise, creating **Cases** and
   logging **Interactions**.
7. **Administration** underpins the entire system by managing user roles and
   permissions.

This interconnected flow ensures that customer information is shared seamlessly
across departments, from initial contact to billing and support, creating a
unified view of the customer journey.

Commit message:

feat: Enhance CRM documentation and add authentication flow
- Updated CRM data flow documentation to clarify user roles and interactions.
- Removed redundant sections in CRM diagrams and streamlined user role descriptions.
- Added detailed authentication data flow documentation, including user authentication and session verification processes.
- Introduced new diagrams for the authentication domain, outlining user, session, account, and verification entities.
- Created user stories for user authentication and session management to define acceptance criteria.
- Added nodemailer dependency for email functionalities in the project.

docs/dataflow/crm.md, after:

## CRM Data Flow Explanation

This data flow diagram illustrates the interactions between different user roles
(actors) and the core data entities within the Cus **Cases** and logging
**Interactions**.

This interconnected flow ensures that customer information is shared seamlessly
across departments, from initial contact to billing and support, creating a
unified view of the customer journey. lationship Management (CRM) domain. The
flow is organized by functional areas, such as Marketing, Sales, Customer
Support, and Billing, showing how each actor contributes to the overall
lifecycle of customer data.

### Marketing Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Marketing"
        direction LR
        MM[Marketing Manager] --> MM_CreateCampaign[Creates/Manages Campaigns]
        MM_CreateCampaign --> Campaigns[(Campaigns)]
        Campaigns --> MM_Track[Tracks Campaign Performance]
        MM --> MM_Track
        MM_Track --> Leads[(Leads)]
        MM_Track --> Opportunities[(Opportunities)]
    end
    class MM actor;
```

- **Marketing Manager**: This role focuses on lead generation. They create and
  manage marketing **Campaigns**. The performance of these campaigns is tracked
  by monitoring the **Leads** and **Opportunities** they generate, providing
  insight into marketing ROI.

### Sales Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Sales"
        direction TB
        SDR[Sales Dev Rep] --> SDR_CreateLead[Creates Leads]
        SDR_CreateLead --> Leads[(Leads)]
        SDR --> SDR_QualifyLead{Qualifies Lead}
        SDR_QualifyLead -- Yes --> SDR_Convert[Converts Lead]
        SDR_Convert --> Companies[(Companies)]
        SDR_Convert --> Contacts[(Contacts)]
        SDR_Convert --> Opportunities[(Opportunities)]

        SR[Sales Rep] --> SR_ManageContacts[Manages Companies & Contacts]
        SR_ManageContacts --> Companies
        SR_ManageContacts --> Contacts
        SR --> SR_LogInteraction[Logs Interactions]
        SR_LogInteraction --> Interactions[(Interactions)]
        Contacts --> SR_LogInteraction
        Leads -- Assigned --> SR_Notification[Receives Notification]
        SR_Notification --> Notifications[(Notifications)]
        SR --> SR_Notification

        SM[Sales Manager] --> SM_ViewDashboard[Views Sales Pipeline]
        Opportunities -- Updates --> SM_ViewDashboard
        SM --> SM_ManageProducts[Manages Products]
        SM_ManageProducts --> Products[(Products)]
        SM --> SM_GenerateReport[Generates Sales Reports]
        SM_GenerateReport --> Reports[(Reports)]
    end
```

The sales process is divided among several roles:

- **Sales Development Representative (SDR)**: The SDR is at the top of the sales
  funnel. They are responsible for creating new **Leads**. Their primary task is
  to qualify these leads. Once a lead is deemed qualified, the SDR converts it,
  which automatically creates corresponding **Companies**, **Contacts**, and
  **Opportunities** records.
- **Sales Representative (SR)**: The SR manages the ongoing relationships. They
  work with the **Companies** and **Contacts** created from converted leads. A
  key activity for the SR is logging all customer communications
  (**Interactions**). They also receive **Notifications** when new leads are
  assigned to them, enabling prompt follow-up.
- **Sales Manager**: This role has a high-level view of the sales pipeline. They
  monitor the status of **Opportunities** through a dashboard, manage the
  **Products** or services being sold, and generate **Reports** to track team
  performance.

### Customer Support Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Customer Support"
        direction LR
        CSA[Customer Support Agent] --> CSA_ManageCases[Manages Cases]
        CSA_ManageCases --> Cases[(Cases)]
        Cases -- Interaction --> CSA_LogInteraction[Logs Interaction]
        CSA --> CSA_LogInteraction
        CSA_LogInteraction --> Interactions[(Interactions)]
    end
    class CSA actor;
```

- **Customer Support Agent (CSA)**: This user handles post-sales customer
  issues. They create and manage support **Cases**. When interacting with a
  customer regarding a case, they also log these **Interactions**, providing a
  complete history of customer communication that is visible across the sales
  and support teams.

### Billing Flow

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Billing"
        direction LR
        AM[Account Manager] --> AM_GenerateInvoice[Generates Invoices from Won Opportunities]
        Opportunities[(Opportunities)] -- Won --> AM_GenerateInvoice
        AM_GenerateInvoice --> Invoices[(Invoices)]
        AM --> AM_ManageInvoice[Manages Invoices]
        AM_ManageInvoice --> Invoices
        Invoices -- Paid --> AM_MarkPaid[Marks Invoice as Paid]
        AM --> AM_MarkPaid
    end
    class AM actor;
```

- **Account Manager**: This role handles the financial aspects of a closed deal.
  When a sales opportunity is marked as "Won," the Account Manager generates an
  **Invoice** from it. They manage the invoice lifecycle, and once payment is
  received, they mark the invoice as "Paid."

### Data Management / I/O Flow

This flow illustrates how data is imported into and exported from the CRM
system.

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph "Data Import/Export"
        direction LR
        SM[Sales Manager] -- Uploads --> CSVFile([CSV File])
        CSVFile -- Is Imported Via --> ImportProcess{Import Leads}
        ImportProcess -- Creates/Updates --> Leads[(Leads)]

        SM -- Initiates Export of --> Reports[(Reports)]
        Reports -- Are Exported To --> PDFFile([PDF File])
    end
    class SM actor;
```

- **Data Import**: A **Sales Manager** can perform a bulk import of **Leads** by
  uploading a CSV file. The system processes the file, maps the columns to the
  appropriate fields, and creates new lead records.
- **Data Export**: When viewing a **Report**, a **Sales Manager** has the option
  to export it as a PDF file for offline viewing, printing, or sharing.

### Data and Interactions Summary

The diagram shows a clear progression of data:

1. **Marketing** generates **Leads**.
2. **Sales (SDR)** qualifies and converts **Leads** into **Contacts**,
   **Companies**, and **Opportunities**.
3. **Sales (SR)** nurtures these relationships by logging **Interactions** and
   moving **Opportunities** through the pipeline.
4. **Sales (Manager)** oversees the process, manages the product catalog, and
   analyzes performance. They can also bulk-import **Leads** from CSV files and
   export **Reports** to PDF.
5. **Billing** takes over when an **Opportunity** is won to handle invoicing.
6. **Customer Support** manages any issues that arise, creating **Cases** and
   logging **Interactions**.
7. **Administration** underpins the entire system by managing user roles and
   permissions.

This interconnected flow ensures that customer information is shared seamlessly
across departments, from initial contact to billing and support, creating a
unified view of the customer journey.
